book,title
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/5/,Eight Days to Live
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/23/,Our Boomer Years
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/17/,A Highlander's Homecoming
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/18/,Indian Summer
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/9/,Zinn for Beginners
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/14/,The social impact of Christina Oats songs
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/19/,A Dark Circus
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/3/,Runaway Storm
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/15/,Engineering analysis of Mazzinga
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/20/,City of Stars
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/6/,Scandal on Rincon Hill
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/8/,Some Like it Rough
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/11/,How to get fired
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/21/,Not My Daughter
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/22/,The Last Train From Paris
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/1/,Resonance
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/10/,Here Burns My Candle
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/16/,Ordinary Thunderstorms
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/24/,Path of Thunder
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/7/,Amberville
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/12/,The Twelve Little Hitlers
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/13/,The story of Eight the sparrow
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/4/,Neverland
http://meraka/moss/exampleBooks.owl#book/2/,As we Grieve
